# WaltsMacros
Macros for the OCLC Connexion client written by Walter F. Nickeson, wfnickeson@zohomail.com

These macros were developed in Connexion client 3.1 running in Windows 11 Enterprise and 64-bit Windows 10 Pro. IMPORTANT NOTE: Macros with dialog boxes (also called "popups") often (but not consistently) run slowly and may even cause the Client to crash. Re-starting Client or the computer may help somewhat. A solution that almost always works, but is inconvenient, is to run the macro while having it open in the Macro Editor. Although this solution makes the macro execute at normal speed, it can't be invoked with a shortcut key, and the Macro Editor window gets in the way; so as a solution, it is far from ideal. The windows management issue with macros is a long-known problem with the Client.

All the macros are contained in six macrobook files: Essentials.mbk, Extras1.mbk, Extras2.mbk, Extras3.mbk, MacroTools.mbk, and Miscellaneous.mbk. See the PDF file "Walt's Macros" for a list of which macros are in each macrobook. To get all the macros, simply download all six macrobook files into [X]:\Users\[your user name]\AppData\Roaming\OCLC\Connex\Macros. Then, in Connexion, assign keystrokes to the macros.

Read a .txt file to see the macro code. Look for the "How it works" section near the top for complete information on how to use the macro and its features.

To install a single macro while viewing its file here: In Connexion, go to Tools>Macros>Manage, select a macrobook or create a new macrobook, and click "New macro". Copy the description from the file, starting on the second line, into the box "Macro Description" and click OK. If this description is longer than two lines, take out the single quotation marks and line breaks. Click "OK". Then copy the macro name from the first line of the file, paste it into the box, and press [ENTER] or click "OK". Click "Edit" to open the macro editor for this macro. Copy the whole text file, including the name and description already copied, and paste it into the macro editor, replacing any text that appeared when you opened the editor. Click the check mark in the toolbar to make sure the macro is compiled and saved (after fixing any errors), and then you can close the editor and begin using the macro.

Each file contains the following notice:

Copyright 2025 Walter F. Nickeson.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
